chore: add a registry for supported integrations (#13215)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: ddtrace/contrib/integration_registry/README.md

  * Not present if the integration is tested (default behavior)
  * `false` if the integration is explicitly marked as untested

* **`dependency_name`** (List of Strings):
  * Present only if `is_external_package` is `true`
  * Lists the primary PyPI package name(s) associated with the integration
  * For integrations patching multiple underlying libraries (like `elasticsearch`), this may list several names
  * Example: `["flask"]`, `["redis"]`, `["elasticsearch", "elasticsearch1", "opensearchpy"]`

* **`tested_versions_by_dependency`** (Object):
  * Present only if `is_external_package` is `true` and `is_tested` is not `false`
  * Maps dependency names to their tested version ranges
  * Each version range includes:
    * `min`: Minimum tested version
    * `max`: Maximum tested version
  * Example:
    ```yaml
    tested_versions_by_dependency:
      flask:
        min: "2.0.0"
        max: "3.0.0"
    ```

## Updating the Registry

The registry is automatically updated through two main mechanisms:

1. **Test Suite Execution**:
   * Running a riot test suite for an integration automatically updates its version information in the registry

>    * This happens through the [`IntegrationRegistryManager`](../../tests/contrib/conftest.py) which tracks patched dependencies and their tested versions during test execution

Author: fixed.

2. **Manual Update Script**:
   * To update all integration information at once, run from the repository root:
     ```bash
     python scripts/integration_registry/update_and_format_registry.py
     ```
   * This script:
     * Runs [`scripts/freshvenvs.py generate`](../../scripts/freshvenvs.py) to update underlying version data
     * Runs [`scripts/generate_table.py`](../../scripts/generate_table.py) to create the supported versions table

>      * Runs [`scripts/integration_registry/_update_integration_registry_versions.py`](../../scripts/integration_registry/_update_integration_registry_versions.py) to update the registry

Author: fixed.

* **`integration_name`** (String):
  * The canonical, lowercase, snake_case name of the integration
  * Must match the corresponding directory name within `ddtrace/contrib/internal/`
  * Example: `flask`, `redis`, `asyncio`

* **`is_external_package`** (Boolean):
  * `true`: If the integration instruments a third-party library typically installed via pip (e.g., `flask`, `requests`, `psycopg`)
  * `false`: If the integration instruments a Python standard library module (`asyncio`, `logging`) or internal integration (`dbapi`).

**Optional Fields:**

* **`is_tested`** (Boolean):
  * Optional field indicating if the integration has tests
  * Not present if the integration is tested (default behavior)
  * `false` if the integration is explicitly marked as untested

* **`dependency_name`** (List of Strings):
  * Present only if `is_external_package` is `true`
  * Lists the primary PyPI package name(s) associated with the integration
  * For integrations patching multiple underlying libraries (like `elasticsearch`), this may list several names
  * Example: `["flask"]`, `["redis"]`, `["elasticsearch", "elasticsearch1", "opensearchpy"]`

* **`tested_versions_by_dependency`** (Object):

>   * Present only if `is_external_package` is `true` and `is_tested` is not `false`

Reviewer: nit: If you end up changing the default from missing to True, then it would be easier to read this as:
```suggestion
  * Present only if `is_external_package` is `true` and `is_tested` is `true`
```

Author: fixed.

The registry is automatically updated through two main mechanisms:

1. **Test Suite Execution**:
   * Running a riot test suite for an integration automatically updates its version information in the registry (if updates are deemed necessary)
   * This happens through the [`IntegrationRegistryManager`](../../../tests/contrib/integration_registry/registry_update_helpers/integration_registry_manager.py) which tracks patched dependencies and their tested versions during test execution

2. **Manual Update Script**:
   * To update all integration information at once, run from the repository root:
     ```bash
     python scripts/integration_registry/update_and_format_registry.py
     ```
   * This script:
     * Runs [`scripts/freshvenvs.py generate`](../../../scripts/freshvenvs.py) to update underlying version data
     * Runs [`scripts/generate_table.py`](../../../scripts/generate_table.py) to create the supported versions table
     * Runs [`scripts/integration_registry/_update_integration_registry_versions.py`](../../../scripts/integration_registry/_update_integration_registry_versions.py) to update the registry
     * Formats the registry YAML for consistency

>   * NOTE: Manual script update does not guarantee that newly added patched dependencies (such as for a new integration) will be added to the registry.yaml. A full test run is required for this process.

Reviewer: I'm slightly confused by this. So running the script manually would only take the existing registry and update its values, but won't recognize that the riotfile has been updated with new tests/integrations?

The registry is automatically updated through two main mechanisms:

1. **Test Suite Execution**:
   * Running a riot test suite for an integration automatically updates its version information in the registry (if updates are deemed necessary)
   * This happens through the [`IntegrationRegistryManager`](../../../tests/contrib/integration_registry/registry_update_helpers/integration_registry_manager.py) which tracks patched dependencies and their tested versions during test execution

2. **Manual Update Script**:
   * To update all integration information at once, run from the repository root:
     ```bash
     python scripts/integration_registry/update_and_format_registry.py
     ```
   * This script:
     * Runs [`scripts/freshvenvs.py generate`](../../../scripts/freshvenvs.py) to update underlying version data
     * Runs [`scripts/generate_table.py`](../../../scripts/generate_table.py) to create the supported versions table
     * Runs [`scripts/integration_registry/_update_integration_registry_versions.py`](../../../scripts/integration_registry/_update_integration_registry_versions.py) to update the registry
     * Formats the registry YAML for consistency

>   * NOTE: Manual script update does not guarantee that newly added patched dependencies (such as for a new integration) will be added to the registry.yaml. A full test run of the newly added integration suite is required for this process. This is because we cannot reliably map dependency name to the integration name if they are not equal (such as integration == `rediscluster` and dependency name == `redis-py-cluster`). Instead, during the riot test suite run, we rely on collecting the patched module, along with the integration name via the [`IntegrationRegistryManager`](../../../tests/contrib/integration_registry/registry_update_helpers/integration_registry_manager.py). With the patched module, we can map the patched module to the dependency name using `importlib.metadata`, and in this case get: `redis-py-cluster`. Then we can update the registry since we now know the dependency name of interest, and the related integration name. 

Reviewer: Wondering if this would be easier to follow if you fully leaned into making it an example scenario, instead of an explanation blurb 🤔 Maybe something like this (feel free to clean up wording here):
```suggestion
  * NOTE: Manual script update does not guarantee that newly added patched dependencies (such as for a new integration) will be added to the registry.yaml. 
  Example (Bad):
    - Add new integration_a with dependencies
    - Manually run `python scripts/integration_registry/update_and_format_registry.py` WITHOUT running riot test suite for integration_a.
    - **OUTCOME**: Existing integration and dependencies are updated, but the new integration_a and its dependencies will not be aded to `registry.yaml`.
  
  Example (Good):
    - Add new integration_b with dependencies
    -  Do a full test run of the newly added integration_b test suite. This is because we cannot reliably map dependency name to the integration name if they are not equal (such as integration == `rediscluster` and dependency name == `redis-py-cluster`). Instead, during the riot test suite run, we rely on collecting the patched module, along with the integration name via the [`IntegrationRegistryManager`](../../../tests/contrib/integration_registry/registry_update_helpers/integration_registry_manager.py).
    - **OUTCOME**: With the patched module, we can map the patched module to the dependency name using `importlib.metadata`, and in the `rediscluster` case get: `redis-py-cluster`. Then we can update the registry since we now know the dependency name of interest, and the related integration name. 
```

Author: okay fixed this.
